So, you're beginning to see that emerge right now, which is the social consequences, right?
So, you may have a billion people going to die, connected to those billion people, industries,
families, you name it, it's linked to it, and the secondary knock-on consequences just
are going to be severe, okay?
And everyone's sort of been saying to me, well, no, it's going to go down, it will
go down, and no, it doesn't, and everything about that particular statistic, it's literally
turning into worst-case scenario, and I'll tell you, there's a very, very clear reason
why that will be, is because the medical infrastructure will become overwhelmed, okay?
And there's only so many ICU beds that it's going to be able to intubate someone and
give life support, really, yeah, yeah.
And right now, I'll tell you this, the whole concept that there'll be a neural element
to it, it's not going to get on the radar because they're just going to be swamped
by the numbers that are just showing the pneumonia.
It's not taking long to read up on infectious clones and read up on, you know, causes species
dynamics, and guess what, when I, every single time I read one, there was not the support
for his theory, there just wasn't there.
That's the search of two, is an infectious clone, the wild-type virus is an infectious
clone.
That's the search of two, is an infectious clone, we believe that the wild-type virus
is an infectious clone.
That's the search of two, is an infectious clone, you're looking for it, okay, you have
to set out and look for it, and, you know, just to hammer home that we can see an amyloid
antigenic signal in real-time with the spike protein.
This paper is critically important, which shows, this was a person who was scheduled
to go into a prepared imaging, so you use specific radio-labeled nucleotides and they
will attach to proteins and you hope they have some specificity.
Now, it just so happens that prior to going in for the scan, he had a gene-transfection
and the right yellow that you can see in his arm is amyloid buildup around the site
of injection and also in the draining lymph node.
Don't you find yourself wondering why you had to correct that right there, let's listen
to that again.
Injection, and the right yellow for the scan, he had a gene-transfection, and the right
yellow that you can see in his arm is amyloid.
Doesn't he want to say the word?
Does he not want to say the word?
Isn't that a little weird?
Let's say that again.
proteins and you hope they have some specificity.
Now, it just so happens that prior to going in for the scan, he had a gene-transfection
injection.
Isn't that sad?
Isn't it sad to see people playing the game where they won't even use the word that they
know is correct?
They're just failing so miserably it's kind of sad, but that's what you get when you're
being followed by a clown car.
Oh, look, JC on the bike was timed out by Risa.
Oh, time out JC on the bike.
JC on the bike.
It's JC on the bike.
Yeah.
Well, I'm wise enough to know when a chomp needs Bannon and I know just the one.
Look at round.
It's JC on the bike.
Who says Vader didn't study music in college?
In the T cell response in particular, the cells that have that RNA, they're making that
spike protein will get attacked.
So hold on.
I want to pause you because I advanced a hypothesis on Dark Horse, which is now just
come right back up.
So I want to catch people up and then I want you to pick up your explanation.
So what I argued, I believe I came up with this independently, but I believe Peter McCullough
has mentioned something similar as his Jonathan Cooey.
If you think about it, if we're defining vaccine really liberally and these COVID vaccines
are vaccines, the flu vaccine is vaccine okay, but actually they're kind of cheating when
they're calling these things vaccines and anything with really rapidly fading efficacy
such that you need shots within Canada saying nine months is actually JJ Cooey's insistence
and I think he's right on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
He's scheduled for 60 minutes next.
He's going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him.
It's embarrassing.
Well, I'm here again, ladies and gentlemen, fighting the illusion of consensus with you.
Still have our boots on, fighting this faith in the novel virus, fighting this illusion,
fighting the faith.
It is a lie and we are going to break it.
We're going to break it by talking very, very straightforward.
These points still aren't being addressed by anyone.
Just in case you haven't noticed, nobody says a word about that.
Nobody touches our stance on the vaccines.
Nobody touches our stance at all and that's because they can't.
Also, no one's still talking about no spread in New York.
No one's talking about infectious clothes.
No one's talking about placebo badges.
No one's talking about transfections even though they know the word.
No one says murder.
No one says gain a function as a lie and everyone thinks the Scooby-Doo is a joke.
But this faith is real, ladies and gentlemen.
I'm sure it's real.
And that's what we are fighting here.
Sorry, you're just going to have to listen to the heater in the room.
Instead of the music, I ran out of slides there.
Yippee-ki-yay.
And here we are.
I guess I got to throw one more in there or something like that.
That'll make the whole timing work out a little better.
But I'm assured at some point that everybody who's here
is not here for the whiz bang of the graphics,
which I occasionally put some time into and then just leave go for a long time
like that scroll at the top.
I don't even know.
At least it doesn't save people's names.
That's good.
Because they would be very old names.
There's been a lot of new subscribers and a lot of new donations
and a lot of new emails and a lot of new encouragement.
And so I appreciate all the voicemails.
I appreciate all the emails, all the tips.
It's really exciting to see how many people are so excited about the momentum that we have.
And we definitely have some momentum.
We are still fighting this train.
We're trying not to let our kids get on this train.
The TV and social media would like it if our kids were already on board.
Already believed that diseases and pandemics can be avoided with vaccination
and that were better than ever at it.
They would like our kids to believe that novel coronaviruses can jump from species
and can pandemic.
They would love you to believe that PCR is becoming an ever more precise way
of measuring the presence of a pathogen.
They would like you to believe that asymptomatic spread of many different pathogens
is actually real and something that you should be concerned about,
especially around old people, would love you to believe that variants can be tracked
and that they can be tracked with high fidelity and they would love you to believe
that they continue to spend money on this research and that you should be worried about it.
We cannot let our kids get on board of this train because if they are on this train
they can be governed by this mythology forever.
It's up to us to save them from it.
And so the biology, biology in general is the way out.
And in this scenario I'd like to advocate for a pause on all childhood
vaccinees in the United States.
I would like to call for strict liability on all pharmaceutical products,
including the entire vaccine schedule.
I would like to investigate the deadly protocols and how they were used to cause
mass casualty events which were misconstrued in combination with the use of
transfection and that is potentially infectious clones or technology of that nature
to seed the illusion of a pandemic in sewer water,
hand-on surfaces and anywhere else, including patients where it was necessary
in order to create the illusion.
I want you to reclaim sovereignty over your bodies and those of your children
and I want you to advocate for the withdrawal of the United States from the who and the
you and entirely.
But I think you can start to sort this people out, the players in the Scooby-Doo
if you just look at the two first things on this list.
Anyone who is advocating for the strict liability,
for strict liability to be reapplied to vaccines the way it was before 1986,
anyone who is advocating for a pause in the vaccination schedule of the United States,
even just on the sheer comparison between the United States schedule and that of other countries,
even to advocate for the superior schedule of Norway and the extreme delay of the first shots
and the extreme posity of the total.
But if they're ignoring the United States,
childhood recommended vaccine schedule, they have to be operators at this stage.
They have to be because no one could have been in this medical freedom movement
for three years trying to figure out all of these lies and not come to the conclusion
that that schedule, when compared to other schedules in the western world,
when compared to the schedule from 25 years ago,
and when compared to the rise of chronic disease and all these other things in children
and in adults, there can be no other conclusion.
And so we have to just wake up and apologize that that's what's going on right now.
And that's why I really, really think that this Scooby-Doo analogy is so important
for everybody to understand, especially if you want to try and impart it on an American.
If you want to really try to get people to understand what happened,
you have to get them to understand that they were fooled into solving a mystery
and by solving the mystery, they have accepted the monsters.
And the monsters, in this case, are pandemic coronaviruses and gain-of-function viruses.
And these monsters can exist in perpetuity.
And if we pass this mythology onto our children, they will never escape
because they will never think to question it.
And the way that they did this over the last 20 years in the back room of secret meetings,
in the back room of bureaucracies, in grant meetings and grant calls,
and at intelligence briefings, they have been talking about how batcaves and laboratories
and even genetic techniques can result in pandemic potential in coronavirus,
and that this, worse case scenario, a gain-of-function laboratory leak could wipe out billions.
And by telling this story, they're able to move trillions of dollars.
They're able to control the behavior of potentially billions of humans on the planet.
They're the heater went off.
And so are there many, many books that have come out over the last three years
purporting to chronicle what has occurred and what is occurring?
I am very biased in saying that I think the best book that's come out in the pandemic
is the one written by Robert F. Kennedy Jr., the Fauci book, and then this book.
I like the Fauci book. It's fun.
I like this book. It's also very fun.
They're both nice compilations of the stories told by these people.
The stories told by these bureaucrats, by these biosecurity experts, by these virologists,
and these upper-level NIH bureaucrats.
In Bobby's book, on page 281, there is the first of several excerpts that are largely produced by me.
I would like to read one of these now just to kind of catalog exactly what I got in the book
and what we weren't able to get in the book.
In the years leading up to his ominous 2007 paper,
Barack had explored numerous techniques for coaxing animal viruses to become more deadly and to infect humans.
I wonder if I can slip this under here and will this work?
Does that work? Oh, you can kind of see that.
Maybe I can do that. Okay, sorry, I'm going to do this here.
And so, here we are right here.
All of these were inherently limited by the known difficulties of culturing coronaviruses
already by 2002.
Barack had perfected a technique with the help of Mark Dennison
that circumvents these difficulties.
By injecting a DNA version of an identified viral RNA into a growing bacterial culture,
they could hijack the bacteria's robust reproduction capacity
to generate huge numbers of perfect copies of a synthetic coronavirus RNA.
It's a little bit short through the corner, but you get the idea.
It's got to be nice for a book using pulses of electric current to drive the newly manufactured RNA
into a fresh cell culture generates a viral stock material used for subsequent experiments.
This is not the same as sourcing a virus from an infection because copying of RNA during a naturally
occurring infection is far from perfect.
The inherent variability of RNA virus replication results in what is referred to as a quasi-species
or a genetic swarm.
In other words, the viral swarm produced during a natural infection is dominated by genetic variation
rather than consistency with a large fraction of viral particles produced,
having a fatal genetic mistakes or other errors making them non-infectious particles.
This property likely contributes to why many RNA viruses are so difficult to sustain in a laboratory
using traditional culture techniques.
Now, I hope you can see here that there's a certain amount of strategy that has to be used
in order to get the idea that there aren't really high fidelity,
high replication competent RNA viruses anywhere in the world,
and that if these RNA signals are something that rise above the noise,
then they have to explain away all of these problems
and all of these contradictory attributes.
And so part of my goal was to get as many of these contradictory attributes,
contradictory explanations into the book so that as people read the book,
there will be these glaring sort of weight.
But what did they say back there in that chapter about replication in competent particles
and stuff like that?
Like, what does that mean?
Because this is a book about a narrative.
It's a book about a biosecurity narrative.
And so in order to get it in here, there's got to be a certain amount of nuance.
There's got to be a certain amount of acknowledgement that you're not the author.
You're a consultant.
So how do you convince an author of a book to write what you want him to write?
Well, you try to write it like it fits.
This property likely contributes to why so many RNA viruses are so difficult to sustain
in a laboratory using traditional culture techniques.
Now, that's a little bit short through the corner.
They can't culture anything, right?
It's not so difficult to sustain.
They can't be sustained.
In 2008, paper Barrett complains that few, if any zoned out,
extremes of SARS-CoV-2 have been successfully isolated and maintained in culture,
presenting their use in vaccine and pathogenic studies.
Barrett says it in his own words.
Why do I need to say it?
Isn't it more powerful if Bobby kind of just wanders through and then hears
Barrett saying it, coronaviruses are composed of strings of RNA code,
which is very unusable in nature and very unstable, excuse me, in nature
and gets increasingly unstable with each replication.
It's likely why the SARS-CoV-2, SARS-2002 pandemic fizzled out so quickly,
says biologist Jonathan Cooey.
And RNA viruses like a 1970 audio cassette.
The master copy retains high fidelity, but every new copy there after loses
quality and coherence.
However, Barrett's reverse genetics technique allow him to create DNA clones
of artificially infectious viral strains on paper and then generate in a lab
huge numbers of identical particles that would far exceed the purity of any
natural infection, enabling the potential production of stocks that
were ideal launch pads for pandemics.
I don't really think that's too bad of a thing to be in there because
essentially we're saying that these things can't be done with a natural
virus.
The natural viruses don't really sustain themselves in nature.
So there's several other inserts in the book that we'll read over the next
couple days, just to kind of emphasize how far we got with that and what
kinds of things we got in a book that was essentially supposed to be just
another one of those books.
And I was supposed to be just another one of those guys that says that
there's a lab leak.
But actually I think we were quite successful in getting small pieces of
the biological puzzle into that book in a way that will demand another book
basically.
And I don't know what other solution there's going to be because we are
here.
It's winter time and the faith in a novel virus that killed millions of people
but millions more were saved from, that likely came from gain of function and
will come again.
This lie is about to become truth for our neighbors and for our kids and for
the teachers at school.
And so only very drastic moves, only very, very, very aggressive moves are
going to shake this inertia.
And it's an inertia that was established very cleverly.
First they isolated us at the beginning of the pandemic.
And then they put a bunch of people in front of us as the narrative broke down.
That could keep us within a limited spectrum of debate and never really
question the faith in a novel virus.
And that's been their job from the very beginning to to orchestrate this
illusion of consensus, this illusion of smart people that got their act
together and have given up their careers and are touring the world to fight for
human health freedom.
And there's nothing that you need to do other than to donate to their work.
Substack, nonprofit, whatever it is.
And so I didn't let it play in the beginning of the show but we can play it
here if you'd like.
But in this video, you're seeing two videos here that are four years apart.
In this video in March of 2020, Kevin McCarran says that he expects there to be a
billion people that might die.
He expects the knock on consequences of this to be catastrophic.
And he's sure that the reason why this is going to be is because the health care
system will be overloaded and they'll run out of ventilators.
And now Kevin McCarran four years later is now saying that the worst case
scenario is actually that one protein or another, depending on what part of this
three and a half hour extravaganza of nonsense you listen to, it could be the
end protein that causes the prion or the amyloidosis or whatever it is that he
thinks is happening or it could be the spike protein depends on what paper you
look at and what point he's not trying to make very well.
But the point is that he uses the term worst case scenario just like he did
four years earlier and like he has probably many times in between
March 2020 and November 2023.
I have lost four people to this pandemic, all of whom took the shot because they
were scared of the worst case scenario.
That in some small part was laid by all of these people.
And I consider them all culpable in their murder.
There is no excuse for any of this behavior other than directed interference
with the truth and the sustaining of a mythology that was intent on probably
destroying the United States.
And the cooperation with foreign agents and the dentanglement with foreign agents
that is drastic, I mean we're dealing with at least one or more criminal
syndicates here that have been paid comfort and fame and whatever else
promises of future comfort and fame to establish this illusion of a worst case
scenario and to agree upon it.
Different aspects of it, different manifestations of it.
And my little tiny clown car example is Kevin McCarran.
A guy who was convinced in March of 2020 that there would already be a neuropathic
and amyloid component and is still remains convinced four years later that
that's the case and is still saying the words worst case scenario just with
many different contexts.
And even though no one seems to watch his videos he seems to be promoted by some
of the biggest names in this show.
One of the biggest names in this show actually suggested that maybe I should go
to Japan and do some mouse experiments with him a couple years ago.
Listen carefully to the words that this guy says at the beginning of the
pandemic and be disturbed that anyone in March of 2020 much less an out-of-work
injured man in Japan would be streaming to United States audiences with a
colleague of George Webb for several weeks in a row about the worst case scenario
with Paul Catrell bus rider MD about the worst case scenario
and arguing about the fact that they had to organize against Andrew Kaufman
the no virus crew in March of 2020.
And now coincidentally the no virus crew is rising again.
And so is this clown.
I shouldn't be probably calling names I really probably shouldn't be calling
names but I just I can't fathom how it is that we are here right now
and people can't see the game that's being played.
Why is this not working?
Goodness sakes.
There's something happening must start over.
And there are games being played and we need to be a little bit more clever.
What?
We need to be a little bit more clever about how we go forward from here
and understand that this faith in a novel virus will only be broken when we
start to recognize that anyone that is not speaking out against the vaccine
schedule in America anyone that is not speaking out against and promoting
strict liability for vaccines anyone that's not actively saying the opioid
crisis is out of control.
We need to get a grip.
Why is there no volume on any of these?
What is going on here?
That's there.
That's on.
I mean I hear this one right.
Oh, that's that's muted.
Why is that muted?
Troubleshoot sound problems.
Why is this muted?
Output device.
Why is it muted?
There we go.
Is that good?
What do we got?
Oh my goodness gracious me.
The world has administered 13.5 billion doses of COVID-19 vaccine.
Now what I want you to think about is how different is it how different it is?
Is it that somebody who is not advocating for the end of the childhood
vaccine schedule in America but is instead just talked about from the very
beginning the worst case scenario.
Is it any different than this lady?
Is it any different than this one?
Is it are any of these people any different than this lady?
If they're talking about silly phone calls with Robert Malone, if they're talking
about making viruses in laboratories or making viruses in garages, are they any
different than her?
They're driving people in the same direction.
They're keeping people in the same clown car where we can't get out where we're not
allowed to go anywhere.
And a new COVID-19 variant has emerged.
I would say that there's no difference between these people on a news program
in California and Matt Crawford and Kevin McCarron and Charles Rixie talking
about infectious clones in 2023.
Charles Rixie and Kevin McCarron were maliciously interfering with more than
one of my business relationships as they slandered me for more than a year
about infectious clones being stupid.
And I played a clip at the beginning of this stream where Charles Rixie says
that he's read lots of papers about infectious clones and the quasi-species
swarm and he can't find any evidence for my theories.
But then almost two years later after that video he's on a stream with Matthew
Crawford saying that he thinks that all of the viruses in this are infectious
clones.
It's just a debate about how far they spread or not.
And McCarron says exactly the same thing.
And yet for more than a year and a half Kevin McCarron tried to use every racial
epithet in the book in order to have himself and his kind of silly adolescent
stick associated with me and Mark.
Keeping Mark use a tonic live and Jonathan Cooey biology on the bottom of his website
for almost three years even though I kept telling him to take it off.
This was an operation ladies and gentlemen.
It's no different than what they're doing now on the TV programs in America
or the TV news in America and around the world.
Social media and rumble and YouTube are exactly the same as mainstream media.
Just a different way to get the same videos different different personalities
often much cheaper personalities giving you the same message or worse.
And we need to really understand that many of these people given their history
in the last four years cannot be understood as anything other than people
that were there to see the worst case scenario.
George Webb, Paul Catrell, Addy ads, Kevin McCarron, Richard Fleming, all of these
people that continue to rattle on for years and years and years without ever
getting to the point where they're like well you know if the whole healthcare system
in America is kind of wacky.
I wonder if these anti-vax people have had a point for a long time.
None of them actually got there.
None of them did.
After all the exploration and all of the skepticism they didn't even get there.
They still haven't gotten there.
In fact they haven't even gotten a hundred yards past amyloidosis and prion disease
even though the only evidence they have of prion disease is from transfection.
And as I've been saying for three years these people are liars because they were
seeding a narrative and expected outcome of transfection.
And that's what they all did.
And that's what you need to see about what this car ride was about.
These people in the beginning of the pandemic were much more diabolical than the mouth breathing
news anchors on your local TV station.
Because it is much more diabolical for you to take the job of seeding the worst case scenario
in a national security theater that is designed to disrupt and slowly disassemble the United
States as a culture and as a country.
It's very diabolical.
But that's no less than what's going on right now.
It's no less than what these people intended.
And the main way that they intend or that we can break them is with the vaccine schedule.
Because that's the real myth here.
That's the real mythology here.
That's the basis for all of this nonsense.
It's what they're really trying to protect.
The vaccine schedule is the way that they will get all of this stuff through.
That's why they call them all vaccines.
You can tell who's on our team by whether or not they question the vaccine schedule.
That's it.
There's no other key needed.
And that's the pressure that we should put on all of them.
Even these dark horse people, even these intellectual dark web people.
They're the same as the TV programs too.
They did the same things.
They seeded the worst case scenario narrative in their own little clever way for their own viewership.
With their own choice of words and their own little mannerisms.
But they all did it.
And I'm sure that Brett Weinstein and Dave Rubin are doing better than Kevin McCarron.
But Kevin McCarron is probably just auditioning to be one of these guys.
To be promoted to that next level of podcaster.
Next level of truther.
And I have little doubt that some of these people who are still in the outskirts of the pseudo resistance are going to be elevated as we move forward into the coming year.
And they're going to be elevated for very specific things like DNA in the shot.
Do you notice how quickly the frame shifting argument disappeared?
We made the frame shifting argument two and a half years ago.
The frame shifting argument is just one of many parts of the argument.
Anybody that understood the biology wasn't really impressed with that result.
We knew that was going to happen.
The duh.
That's kind of what makes it so comical.
That they would talk about it and discuss it with such vigor as if we didn't predict it three years ago.
The spread of these bad ideas is actually much scarier than the spread of any RNA molecule and they've known that for a very long time. That's why all these people exist.
That's why four people I love are dead.
And many other people that other people have loved are dead because these people told lies because these people didn't have principles and many of them remain without principles.
And I'm willing to believe that there are people that despite having principles were put in a position where they had no choice.
I'm totally willing to believe that.
All the marbles are on the table.
All the marbles are at stake.
All the chips are in.
So I believe that.
I believe lots of these people feel like they have no choice.
Feel like it's now or never.
If I don't do it, someone else will.
All those things, all's fair and love and war, and this is definitely war.
Ever since Nathan died, I've known very well that this is war.
Nathan was my in the foxhole talking to your best friend and then having his face get shot off moment.
I'm not sleeping anymore.
I am very keenly aware of what all of these worst case scenario people did.
Every one of these people who prevented us from making meaningful progress during 2021 and 2022 and 2023, which is nearly over three years of obfuscation.
These people are guilty of almost four years of obfuscation.
These people are guilty of.
And I'm going to find all of them.
And their.
Their tail will be told.
If it says lame is being told in a book.
Or written in a court document.
But their stories will be told.
And the way that their stories changed will be told the way their positions on things changed as we move through the pandemic will be told because it has been catalogued already guys.
I hope you don't think I've just been sitting in my studio doing nothing all day.
We have been archiving all of your words.
I'm driving all of your messages.
All of your comment replies.
And we can paint a beautiful picture of how you came out.
How you blossomed.
And how your flower wilted and fell off the vine.
All of these participants are going to be exposed and I don't I don't I don't care.
I'm I'm doing this for my kids and for their kids.
I don't I don't I don't need anything for this.
I feel like I've already.
I know what I know I know what the right thing to do is here.
I know that these people have misled us.
I know that these people are responsible.
They're responsible because right now people are are saying that Jordan Peterson is the gold standard of sensibility.
It's doing it again. Why is it doing it again.
Oh, and so I would let my response to this is to suspend judgment for six months for six months from now.
Fearing as I do the loss of civil liberties and.
Being wary as I am about what it means for how we're going to handle infectious disease in the future.
Where you know I'm wearing the masks when I'm required to.
So that's the best I can do with that.
I have no particular insight with regards to this pandemic.
It affected me and my family in the same way it affects everyone else.
It throws us into psychological disarray in all the same ways.
And brings up all the same moral questions and I wish I had a better answer, but I don't.
So I mean I've got the vaccine.
So that's part a partial answer on my part.
But I understand the position of those who don't.
Want to take it and I would be unwilling to compel them by force.
That's for sure because that's not the right approach.
Although I would encourage people to get the damn vaccine and get let's get the hell over this.
That's but I did that I put my body on the line to do it.
That's my decision. I'm not saying it's right. It's what I decided to do.
So you might think that Jordan has much good sense, but he was very wrong here.
But that means that he was wrong about the most important thing of his life.
He was wrong about the most important thing in any of our lives.
I don't know if you really know what just happened to us.
But we are 99% the way to being permanent slaves.
Our grandchildren are about to be slave enslaved.
And there isn't a whole lot more that we can do about it.
It's slipping away by the minute.
And it is because these dipshits didn't have principles.
It's not just because they got it wrong.
It's because they got it really, really, really wrong for like a year and a half.
Because they had no principles for a year and a half because they pretended not to get it for a year and a half.
Listen to what this galactic size dipshit says next.
He says that the way to get rid of the possibility of using infectious disease to institute totalitarianism
is to get rid of infectious disease.
Because then the impetus to use infectious disease to input,
institute totalitarianism will go away.
I think he better shut up and eat some more lobsters.
Listen to this.
Do not underestimate how badly we were screwed.
Do not underestimate how...
Do not underestimate how maliciously my family was destroyed.
You think my brother just decided to completely throw my family away and into the garbage can
without pretty good influence from social media and the mainstream media?
That he could actually think that his brother was just an absolute crazy person?
And do you think that my parents, irrespective of how bad of a kid I was or how bad of a parent's parents they were
and how bad our relationship was, I've got their grandkids.
Do you think that they would so quickly just forget it?
Unless there was some pretty powerful bullshit going on.
Some pretty magnificently awful malevolence on TV and in social media that included people like the gold standard of sensibility, Jordan Peterson.
Just dropping his principles completely like he never had them?
Well lo and behold, maybe he didn't.
And just like Brett Weinstein, these want to be ruling class elites decided to, for the promise of fame and fortune, comfort and elitism, membership to the executive bathroom, they decided to sell us out.
That's what happened here.
And if they didn't decide to sell us out, then that just means they're even dumber.
Because they did it and they didn't know better.
Suspend judgment for six months.
That sensibility.
Listen, I'm really amazed that it wasn't.
Let's not forget we did a pretty damn good job of dealing with this so far.
I mean, it looks like a mess on the ground, but it could have been a hell of a lot worse.
And I'm really amazed that it wasn't.
I know that cards are having to all fall into play yet.
You know, and who knows, maybe one thing it could do is alert us to the presence of our real enemy.
You know, because we have lots of proximal enemies and they tend to be other people, but we have a real enemy and not tends to be infectious disease.
And AIDS didn't quite teach us that, and the pandemic probably wouldn't either.
But it would be a good thing to learn.
You know, maybe we could aim our future selves at an increasingly disease-free society for everyone in the world.
And that's the other thing.
It has to be for everyone, right?
Because we're all the same body as it turns out.
So getting a handle on infectious disease around the world, that's an unwarranted good.
And it might have extremely beneficial effects politically too, especially if Randy Thornhill is right.
And you know, the worst of tyrannical authoritarianism is driven by concerns that arise as a consequence of infectious disease prevalence.
It's a radical hypothesis.
And maybe it's true.
And so if we got rid of infectious disease to the degree that we could, if we made that public enemy number one, we might simultaneously be doing the best possible thing to limit the attractiveness of totalitarian ideology.
Oh boy, yeah.
Okay, Jordan, whatever you say, buddy, whatever you say.
Oh my goodness.
Well, the New World Order is almost here, ladies and gentlemen.
Our kids think that viruses come from bat caves and that therefore they're going to need shots for the rest of their lives.
And the college kids are wearing masks and they're going to get their boosters and they're advocating for RSV shots on the news.
I guess I didn't play that clip, but that's what they said and that at the end of that California clip on the news, which is pretty funny.
So the past is fading into mist.
The past is being erased and the erasure is soon to be forgotten and the lie will become truth.
That's what we're trying to avoid here.
But the reason why it's very hard to avoid is because for the last three years.
These people that are complicit in the murder of hundreds of thousands of Americans.
These people that are complicit in the murder of hundreds of thousands of Americans and not by a gain of function virus, but by protocols and opioids and lack of antibiotics and misuse of steroids.
And I believe that there is a group of people who has been tasked to run this clock out.
And I think I've figured out what the clock is.
I think it's the clock on the control group.
I think it's the clock where people like me are finally able to be vocal with their family and friends about how stupid they were for not listening to them.
I'm really one friend away.
One friend in my extended group needs to go dead from a heart attack, a stroke or an aneurysm, and I will be able to send that dreaded email.
Where I tell every one of the friends that hasn't been talking to me for two and a half years, every one of my friends that thinks I'm crazy, every one of my friends wives that thinks I'm crazy.
That the chips are up.
The game is over.
People under the age of 50 are dying from strokes, heart attacks and all kinds of other nonsense because they transfected themselves multiple times.
It's got nothing to do with double stranded DNA.
It's got nothing to do with any one thing.
It's got to do with the bouquet of tragedy, of toxicity, of biological incongruity that are the untested lipid nanoparticles packed with unquality controlled RNA and DNA injected into billions of people around the planet.
And it is only a matter of time before it becomes obvious to those people who were duped by this worst case scenario crew were duped by the delay in our realization that there was no evidence of spread.
The delay in our realization that PCR was a fraud was all orchestrated.
The careful control of every part of this limited spectrum of debate exactly has described in that quote by Noam Chomsky.
And so these people have been performing a sort of dance where they pretend that they're participating in a public health response, that they pretend that they are critiquing a public health response, that they pretend that they are participating in a debate about how a public health response should have occurred.
And they have pretended to agree that these issues are important.
And by agreeing, they have performed in concert with this guy, faking the stopping and starting of a train.
There's my first call, faking the discussion, faking the debate, faking the fight against this problem, faking the fight for health freedom,
and so not all of these things are false debates, the debate about antibiotics, steroids, misuse and disuse was not had during the pandemic, and they all agreed not to have it.
And the protocols had antibiotics and steroids in them.
But for some reason, everybody agreed to talk about hydroxychloroquine and Ivermectin.
Nobody seemed to understand that none of those drugs were given alone, and yet everybody seemed really convinced that hydroxychloroquine and Ivermectin needed to be discussed, even though azithromycin and a bunch of other drugs were being given in concert.
And that is pretty extraordinary.
And we can go on and on and on, but the point is that by controlling these debates like hydroxychloroquine and Ivermectin and controlling them in a way that the presuppositions of the system are reinforced, those presuppositions being that there was a novel virus that was killing millions that millions more could be saved from,
that likely came from gain of function laboratory leak and therefore could come again.
And hydroxychloroquine and Ivermectin doesn't challenge that.
Coming out against the shot, kind of sorta in June of 2021 to say that maybe, you know, some people shouldn't get it, kind of sorta, I don't know, doesn't harm anything with that faith.
And in fact, you will see that all the people that I'm calling out right now, all of the people that I am insinuating are part of the worst case scenario narrative have still not questioned the existence of the virus, the death of millions, that millions more were saved, or that gain of function is real and likely the source of the pandemic.
None of them have questioned it.
Most of them reinforce the idea that gain of function will become ever easier and ever more impending danger as we move forward, and that the next one will be worse.
We're very honored to have back an old friend and former, I guess not a co-host but an advisor, a contributor that was in studio with us for a couple of weeks, the first couple of weeks of January and 2020 when we flipped at least one hour, we started with one
hour took the two-hour worm impeachment, I guess the three hour one hour in the afternoon, we turned it into two hours of worm pandemic.
So, just a reminder that this gentleman was at the beginning of the pandemic in March of 2020 in concert, really, with people like Kevin McCairn and Paul Catrell talking about the worst case scenario, saying that children were the worst viral
shedders, saying that children needed to have masks on and we needed to normalize it, to the extent to which we could, we should even have childhood icons like Barney the dinosaur wearing a mask so that we normalize it with children in March of 2020.
So, without a doubt, I also say that Stephen Hatfield is complicit in this worst case scenario narrative which led to hundreds of thousands of Americans being killed, both by the improper application of COVID protocols, including the misuse or disuse of steroids and the misuse and
misuse of antibiotics, all directly as a result of people like Steve Hatfield in March of 2020, seeding a worst case scenario, all because people like Paul Catrell and Kevin McCairn seeded a worst case scenario at the beginning of the pandemic before they knew anything other than what they were told to say.
And did I do find it quite striking? I would do find myself wondering who was coordinating all of these disparate voices that were all very convinced very early of all of these things that the worst case scenario would require that all of these protocols would be necessary that all of these things were possible that running out of ventilators was a thing.
That both Stephen Hatfield and Kevin McCairn and Paul Catrell knew quite early in March of 2020. It's curious.
And here we are in November of 2023, four years later.
And now, now Stephen Hatfield wants to tell you all about how hydroxychloroquine was stockpiled by the White House and then blackballed by the White House.
And how they would have just followed his advice and that of Peter Navarro that hydroxychloroquine would have given out to everybody in America and millions of lives would have been saved.
But we told this story already in 2021, we told this story because drastic allowed us to interview a whistleblower who supposedly had a recording from the very meeting where Stephen Hatfield and Peter Navarro and Stephen and and Jared Kushner
and Rick Bright and Janet Woodcock were all sitting at the same table and decided to do this emergency use authorization for hydroxychloroquine.
My guess is that even this story is probably a confounder. It's probably much more likely that they number one stockpiled hydroxychloroquine.
They distributed it to anybody in government that would want it.
And then they gave it an emergency use authorization so as not to have a run on the general supply of it, to not allow over-the-counter demand for it to drive it to scarcity.
And so he's trying to tell the story three years later, thanks a lot, that this drug could have saved everybody.
But I'm not really sure that's helping anyone now.
I'm not really sure it's doing any good now except for reinforcing the novel virus that killed millions, that millions of more could have been saved from if he had to use the novel treatment for the novel virus that I was recommending.
It is a wonderful theater of the macabre right now.
Because the spectacular commitment to lies has extended over four years.
From March 2020 to the end of 2023, this man right here and a few others have been actively engaged in confusing the American public and the entire western world about the ability of RNA to pandemic and the dangers it presents.
And he continues to this day. They are all complicit in the murder of hundreds of thousands of Americans. They're all complicit in the murder of hundreds of thousands of Americans and hundreds of thousands of people around the world.
And you can see them for what they are because they will never touch the vaccine schedule. They will never question the virus. They will never touch the vaccine schedule and they will never question the virus.
Because they don't want to do the math of the excess deaths. That's why they just want you to accept that all excess deaths are the mystery virus, but they're not because there was no spread in New York City.
Because they were do not resuscitate orders in New York City because they ventilated people in New York City because they didn't use antibiotics for secondary pneumonia or steroids in New York City.
That because they use remdesivir later on in April and May and June and July and for three years later, they have opioid deaths that they let go up in skyrocket and they don't care. No one makes a legitimate way of not categorizing but counting them and taking them out of these are all excess deaths.
All opioid deaths are excess deaths. They don't just because they happen every year doesn't make them not excess deaths, but in certain models they would be.
If there are 50,000 people that die of opioids in this graph every year and then you make a model of excess deaths based on this data.
Then excess deaths will not include those opioid deaths. Those will be expected deaths.
And so depending on how you calculate expected death and depending on how you calculate excess deaths, you can make these numbers be almost whatever you want them to be, especially if you don't ever show the data.
So there has been no math done. They don't talk about strict liability or the fact that the PrEP Act and the Vaccine Act prevent you from being able to sue for damages, which is essentially a seventh amendment violation.
Nobody talks about that. Nobody talks. Nobody uses the word strict liability and says we should apply this to vaccines.
Nobody talks about Denny Rancor's. There is zero epidemiological evidence of spread. You want to hear something really weird?
The only place that Denny Rancor has ever complained about nobody reporting this is regards to Bobby's book.
So he actually tweeted the other day, Denny Rancor did, that the book is accurate in historically documenting the biosecurity state and the development of it, but very inaccurate in its in its perpetuation of the or our continuation of the perception of a spreading dangerous
pathogen, because he's got a lot of data that shows there is no spread. Well, isn't that curious?
Because when Robert Malone promoted his work and didn't say that there was no evidence of spread, he didn't complain about that.
When Jessica Rose promoted the breakfast at the conference and took a selfie with him, but didn't say anything about the lack of spread that didn't bother him.
When Robert Malone opened the conference in Romania and said that there was spread of a novel pathogen that was likely from a laboratory, he didn't complain about that.
But when it comes to children's health defense and a book that Bobby Kennedy wrote, now suddenly he's really mad that this book doesn't adequately portray that there was no spread.
I'm very curious as to why he didn't tweet that in response to Robert Malone's lack of acknowledging that very crucial data set.
I wonder why he didn't tweet that with regard to Jessica Rose, not adequately acknowledging that very interesting data set.
But instead chose to lash out against the book that Bobby wrote, but not against Robert Malone or any of the other people that he met in Romania, apparently, who are fine with promoting his work.
Just the part that says that the shots killed 17 million people, not the part that says that there was no spread of a virus anywhere.
And so then recently now, Daddy Rancor has chosen to promote the no virus people.
The people that wouldn't talk to anybody else during the pandemic.
The people that would only do a stream with Kevin McCare.
They wouldn't talk about exosomes with Mark Hewson tonic.
And that tried to maliciously interfere with my business relationship with CHD by trying to slander me online and offline in any emails that in phone calls.
It's all a big theater, ladies and gentlemen, and the people are revealing themselves one by one.
And it may be unstoppable. I don't know. But I have the feeling that right now, if we stick to our morals and our laurels.
And we keep pointing out what happened. All the costs that were avoided.
All the things that are avoided discussion. We can break this new world order by just simply seeing them for what they are.
None of them will question the vaccine schedule.
If Danny Rancor goes on to have a good old time trying to figure out whether viruses exist or not, but does not have any curiosity as to whether the childhood vaccine schedule in Canada compared to that of America has anything to say.
That the comparison between Norway's vaccine schedule and America's schedule has anything to say if he's more curious about whether viruses exist or whether the vaccine schedule in America is a criminal enterprise and we're going to be able to tell what's going on.
Because I've already come clean about viruses. I've already admitted that it's got to be hocus pocus.
But for him to unequivocally just start promoting them is highly dubious.
Because he knows that I have explained it to him offline before and I've explained it to him I think online before, but I'd have to go look at the show again.
That the no virus people have not been forthright in the way that they have made their argument and that the way that they have interacted with the best people on our side.
And the best example of it, and I'm going to give it to you right away, the best example of it is their continuing attack on CHD.
So CHD may be wrong about the virus and may have been perpetuating the biosecurity myth of again a function lab leak and caused all kinds of problems and made it possible for them to transfect millions of people around the world.
But children's health defense is the only organization that is even remotely reproaching the statement or the standpoint of the vaccine schedule in America is a crime and that vaccination may be a criminal enterprise around the world.
And so I think that this is the sort of ultimate issue at hand here.
The ultimate issue is not just are these diseases real are these pandemics real what are they really doing with bioweapons it's whether or not vaccines work.
It's whether or not intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent to augment the immune system is dumb or not.
And the fact of the matter is is that I've been saying that for almost six months and there's not one person on our side who's been seeding this worst case scenario is even bothered to touch it.
I mean, we've got really just Peter McCullough.
And ever since Peter McCullough has said that he's been right back on the virus spike protein all the other stuff almost like he was made to do it.
But he did say that the vaccine schedule is something that he would forego if he had kids now.
And I believe Tess Laurie has also said it.
But Tess Laurie has very little visibility.
The vast majority of these people who have been circulating around for these years now have still not managed to come out and say it openly.
And maybe they don't want to risk their their their medical license or whatever but those who have already lost their medical license those who have already say that they've paid the price.
They've not actually put anything on the line. They need to put something on the line. They need to say that the vaccine schedule in America is a criminal enterprise and we should do a pause.
It should all be stopped.
And because they won't do it, you can see that they're just leading us to the slaughter.
It has taken me less than two years to get there from being fully brainwashed academic who thought that everything was fine.
And I'm going to have to live with the rest of my life that I actually had a child in America who had the whole vaccine schedule until she was five years old.
That's how stupid I was.
So I had two kids in Norway and knew that this schedule just seemed wrong.
I couldn't.
I didn't do anything about it.
And I didn't do anything about it because these worst case scenario people made it so hard for everybody to wake up when it was all right there in front of our face.
And we all took it, hook line and sinker, because the team called worst case scenario was in the works all over the place, doing their thing.
George Webb was on 60 minutes, ladies and gentlemen, in 2020.
Team worst case scenario is 100% real.
We're 100% required in order for this to occur.
In order for Nathan to take the shot and not believe me, this had to happen.
In order for Hollywood to force Annie to take the shot, this had to happen.
In order for Dutch hospitals to require everybody going into the hospital to have shots and boosters killed my wife's sister and her stepfather.
And it's all because of team worst case scenario.
Every one of these people is 100% complicit in the murder of hundreds of thousands of Americans at the minimum.
Please remember that infectious clones are the way that they do virology.
It's like a mixtape, the old mixtapes, you could make them, but you couldn't make copies of them because they wouldn't sound very good in your headphones.
You can do the same thing much better with CDs because digital copies don't lose fidelity over time.
You can keep making copies and you can make copies of copies and they're pretty good.
And that is the difference between RNA and DNA.
RNA virus in the wild is a bit like a cassette tape as I read in the book.
That means that they can kind of detect them by using them, using cytopathic, you know, cytopathic effects as an indicator of viruses being there.
They can even sequence them a little bit, but they can't really, excuse me, I'm going to escape out of here for a second and start over because I do think it will work better if I do that.
No, it's really going to grunt. It's just grinding here.
Oh no, maybe it's better.
So they can sequence the virus and they can take that sequence and make it into DNA constructs and they can do that with all kinds of industrial methods.
Very high accuracy, this kind of thing.
And as many people have bragged before, it's getting easier and easier to sequence DNA and it's getting easier and easier to make it.
And so this is the DNA version of an RNA virus.
And that means that we are the CD version of an RNA virus.
That means we can take this DNA, we can make it into circular constructs called plasmids, and then we can use a bacterial culture to grow many copies of those plasmids.
And Barrick just used a bunch of standard ligation techniques to take, you know, large pieces of DNA and ligate them together to make the RNA that is very large that is purported to be the RNA of an RNA coronavirus.
And that large DNA construct is first grown in parts in a bacterial culture that assembled and then either combined with a commercial RNA polymerase or using cell culture and electroporation, etc.
You can get that DNA to be turned into RNA.
And then that RNA can be used in cell culture, it can be used in animal models of disease and it can be used to store and to sequence and to recombine or to give to your friends or to use on a gel or whatever you want to do.
But the most important thing to realize is that our recombinant DNA techniques allow this to be industrially done in large vats.
Very much like you might have seen on Mark Coolak's show a couple of days ago with regard to the manufacturer of monoclonal antibody.
These giant bio reactors are just great big vats of bacterial cultures that can be used to do the same thing on a much larger scale.
Therefore, the planting of an RNA sequence, the seeding of an RNA clone in different places at the same time to give the illusion of spread is not only possible, but it was possible many, many, many years ago, thanks to infectious RNA clones.
And it's very curious that for over a year and a half, almost two years, everyone as diverse as the ever popular Kevin McKernan to the infamous Kevin McKern have been trying their best to discredit my description of infectious clones and my description of them as being the single
enabling technology that has made anything to do with coronaviruses, even possible to fake.
And before that, coronaviruses were just a mystery wrapped in an enigma that could show up on a gel every once in a while.
And until we made infectious clones, we've never really been able to attribute the kind of pandemic potential to them that we can now.
And that's because infectious clones allow you to tinker around them in the laboratory and make these scientific experiment papers that seem to imply pandemic potential.
It's all an illusion, but it is an illusion that is specifically enabled by this technology and specifically revealed by the existence of it.
And that's why they don't like it when I explain it. They don't like it when I say it. And they have now, as you saw in the beginning of this, if this stream have tried to absorb it as well. Yeah, we always thought it was clones.
I mean, the clones, we think the wild type virus was a clone. All these things are clones. Yeah, we said it was clones. We just wanted to have the debate with Cooey, but they're all clones.
And so they try now, you know, to misconstrue the way that they explain how it was going to be amyloid and pre on and they can't really explain why the amyloid and pre on aren't here yet.
And, and they're never going to be able to explain why they didn't show up when it was just virus, but they're going to keep saying that it's also the virus because that's their job.
Their job is to attribute the known pathological side effects expected from transfection to the virus so that no one will ever escape the confusion.
And that's why Kevin McCarran had this idea in his head that there would be a neurotropic component, that there would be an amyloidosis component, that there would be a pre on component to the spike protein, which has now morphed actually into the end protein.
According to his latest diatribe with with Matt Crawford, it's actually the end protein that has more amyloid potential than he's ever seen in his career or something like that, because he's like an expert or something, even though I think he worked on Tourette's and monkeys when he actually had a job.
And then when he didn't have a job and he was, you know, doing his worst case scenario shtick for the first year, he actually became a micro microscopy expert and got a light microscope and started looking at liquid.
And that was pretty much as sad as it got, but he's still going.
Somehow he's still going. I guess there could be a lot of random people sustaining that stream, but I think it's far more sinister than that.
I think it's far more sinister than that. I think it's a worst case scenario. It's a team worst case scenario that was recruited throughout the pandemic that has been auditioning for higher, higher positions throughout the pandemic that has been co opted throughout the pandemic.
But all of these people are now very easy to see because all of them completely avoid even getting anywhere near questioning the vaccine schedule as the heart of the public health apparatus.
And that's what it is. It is the heart of the public health apparatus.
So none of these medlers are actually striking out against the public health apparatus. They're pretending to.
And they're pretending to in a very impotent way so that none of us are ever really saved.
They are protecting the faith in a novel virus. They are protecting the faith in a million people dead.
They're protecting the faith and gain a function and they're protecting the faith in that the virus will come again.
There's a religious component to it. That's for sure.
Just like there's a religious component to the trans movement.
Ladies and gentlemen, they told us that there was some kind of laboratory bad cave zoneosis that occurred in the land of 2019 has been spreading with high fidelity ever since and they have convinced us that there's a pretty good consensus about this on both sides of the aisle and that is a lie.
It is a coordinated lie.
It's part of a national security operation to get you believing that there is pandemic potential in nature and that you just experienced it.
It is a faith that they want your children to grow up with so that they can enslave them inside of it.
And the only way to break it is to call that faith a lie and to realize that it's most likely the most parsimonious solution to this problem is they spent a few years studying a background signal that Nathan Wolf described
as black life matter or something like dark matter living dark matter.
They looked at the background signals of RNA and DNA in our environment and then they figured out a strategy to confound that signal as a spreading virus.
And that faith is something that we must not allow our children to absorb.
We must not allow our children to grow up to think that we have defeated epidemics using vaccination in the past and that we did it again with COVID-19.
We must not allow them to believe that this is the result of a novel virus jumping species and that we beat it with a vaccine.
We must not allow them to believe that asymptomatic spread is ongoing with coronavirus and other viruses.
We must not allow them to believe that variants are being monitored in high fidelity fashion and that they are evolution of a virus that is being forced by a vaccine.
We must not allow them growing up to believe that gain of function viruses are real.
If we allow them to grow up with this mythology, they will be enslaved by it and so will their children forever.
And I believe the way out is very, very simple.
The way out is that we must advocate for a pause on all childhood vaccines in the United States.
We must advocate for strict liability for all pharmaceutical products.
We must investigate the use of deadly protocols to cause mass casualty events.
And we must investigate the use of these mass casualty events in combination with infectious clones or transfection to create the illusion of a pandemic.
Other toxins could also be used.
Reclaim sovereignty over our bodies and those of our children.
We should withdraw from the who and the UN without any terms.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are at a point where human diversity is a peak for all time and that's why they are trying to invert our rights to permissions.
Please stop all transfections in humans and don't let them eliminate the control group because that is the clock they are running out.
As more people stroke out, as more people aneurysm away, as more people heart attack their way to the next life, it will become very obvious that the 25% of people in America that chose not to take the shot are the ones that are the healthiest are the ones that are living the longest.
How long do you think it's going to take?
Three more years?
Two more friends in your life?
Two more young people that you know?
Two more kids at your school?
How long is it going to take?
I don't think it's going to take that long because I know that as soon as I have the chance I'm going to be screaming and I know that I've started screaming tonight.
We need to end the vaccine schedule in America.
We need to acknowledge that it is a criminal enterprise and we need to check ourselves and apologize to our children.
Ladies and gentlemen, this has been giggle and biological, intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent and viruses are not patterned integrals.
Thank you very much ladies and gentlemen.
I will see you tomorrow night.
No basketball practice.
So probably eight o'clock again.
Thank you very much.
Jeff from Earth in the house.
I still haven't put your head in the beginning.
Maybe that's the extra slide I need.
His Jeff's head.
Okay.
That's going to be in the next set.
See you guys tomorrow.